---
title: code
date: 2016-01-04 05:08 UTC
tags:
---

## Ruby on Rails

In 2007 I discovered <a href='http://www.basecamp.com' target='_blank'>Basecamp</a> which lead me to [Ruby on Rails](http://rubyonrails.org/) _(Rails)_. Rails inspired me to build my own <i>project management tool</i> which has taken longer than anticipated :-) I test with [Minitest](https://github.com/seattlerb/minitest), monitor with [New Relic](http://newrelic.com/), and deploy with [Heroku](https://www.heroku.com/). I am excited for [Action Cable](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n0WUjGkDFS0) which will ship as part of Rails 5.

## JavaScript

I prefer _vanilla_ JS over [CoffeeScript](http://coffeescript.org/). The Rails apps I've worked with tend to use [JQuery](https://jquery.com/), [Underscore](http://underscorejs.org/), [BackboneJS](http://backbonejs.org/) (and/or)  [AngularJS](https://angularjs.org/). I use [Jasmine](http://jasmine.github.io/) for testing. I am excited about the future of [BabelJS](https://babeljs.io/), [ECMA 6](https://github.com/lukehoban/es6features/blob/master/README.md), and [ReactJS](https://facebook.github.io/react/).



## Middleman

I build static sites with [Middleman](http://middlemanapp.com/) because it is very similar to Rails. It's written in Ruby, has an [Asset Pipeline](http://guides.rubyonrails.org/asset_pipeline.html), local server, and gems for developing with sophisticated tools. Then, with [free static site hosting from GitHub](https://pages.github.com/) that makes deployment easy and free!

## CSS
I enjoy [thoughtbot's front-end suite](https://thoughtbot.com/open-source/#front-end) (Bourbon, Neat, and Bitters). I write SCSS and regularly try to apply methodologies like [SMACSS](https://smacss.com/) and [BEM](https://en.bem.info/) as best I can.

## HTML

HTML could be defined in broader terms as _View management_ to include working with JS frameworks, Rails partials (ERB/SLIM), responsive web design, and cross browser testing.

<!-- ## node & friends

I have spent time in Node, including managing an ExpressJS app but I would not consider my skills at more than recreation and shear hackery.
 -->
<!-- <hr>

## Side projects

These are various projects I work on for education and experimentation.

### [/underscore_scss]()

A project I'm building to learn more about things.

### [fakefarm]()

Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipisicing elit, sed do eiusmod
tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore magna aliqua. Ut enim ad minim veniam,
quis nostrud exercitation ullamco laboris nisi ut aliquip ex ea commodo
consequat. Duis aute irure dolor in reprehenderit in voluptate velit esse
cillum dolore eu fugiat nulla pariatur. Excepteur sint occaecat cupidatat non
proident, sunt in culpa qui officia deserunt mollit anim id est laborum.

### [garden]()

Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipisicing elit, sed do eiusmod
tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore magna aliqua. Ut enim ad minim veniam,
quis nostrud exercitation ullamco laboris nisi ut aliquip ex ea commodo
consequat. Duis aute irure dolor in reprehenderit in voluptate velit esse
cillum dolore eu fugiat nulla pariatur. Excepteur sint occaecat cupidatat non
proident, sunt in culpa qui officia deserunt mollit anim id est laborum.

### [hashpage]()

Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipisicing elit, sed do eiusmod
tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore magna aliqua. Ut enim ad minim veniam,
quis nostrud exercitation ullamco laboris nisi ut aliquip ex ea commodo
consequat. Duis aute irure dolor in reprehenderit in voluptate velit esse
cillum dolore eu fugiat nulla pariatur. Excepteur sint occaecat cupidatat non
proident, sunt in culpa qui officia deserunt mollit anim id est laborum.

### [stripe API]

Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipisicing elit, sed do eiusmod
tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore magna aliqua. Ut enim ad minim veniam,
quis nostrud exercitation ullamco laboris nisi ut aliquip ex ea commodo
consequat. Duis aute irure dolor in reprehenderit in voluptate velit esse
cillum dolore eu fugiat nulla pariatur. Excepteur sint occaecat cupidatat non
proident, sunt in culpa qui officia deserunt mollit anim id est laborum.

### [goalies]()

Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipisicing elit, sed do eiusmod
tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore magna aliqua. Ut enim ad minim veniam,
quis nostrud exercitation ullamco laboris nisi ut aliquip ex ea commodo
consequat. Duis aute irure dolor in reprehenderit in voluptate velit esse
cillum dolore eu fugiat nulla pariatur. Excepteur sint occaecat cupidatat non
proident, sunt in culpa qui officia deserunt mollit anim id est laborum.

### [destory all tas

Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipisicing elit, sed do eiusmod
tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore magna aliqua. Ut enim ad minim veniam,
quis nostrud exercitation ullamco laboris nisi ut aliquip ex ea commodo
consequat. Duis aute irure dolor in reprehenderit in voluptate velit esse
cillum dolore eu fugiat nulla pariatur. Excepteur sint occaecat cupidatat non
proident, sunt in culpa qui officia deserunt mollit anim id est laborum.

### [afterburners]()

Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipisicing elit, sed do eiusmod
tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore magna aliqua. Ut enim ad minim veniam,
quis nostrud exercitation ullamco laboris nisi ut aliquip ex ea commodo
consequat. Duis aute irure dolor in reprehenderit in voluptate velit esse
cillum dolore eu fugiat nulla pariatur. Excepteur sint occaecat cupidatat non
proident, sunt in culpa qui officia deserunt mollit anim id est laborum.

### [lemonade stand]

Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipisicing elit, sed do eiusmod
tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore magna aliqua. Ut enim ad minim veniam,
quis nostrud exercitation ullamco laboris nisi ut aliquip ex ea commodo
consequat. Duis aute irure dolor in reprehenderit in voluptate velit esse
cillum dolore eu fugiat nulla pariatur. Excepteur sint occaecat cupidatat non
proident, sunt in culpa qui officia deserunt mollit anim id est laborum.
 -->
