---
title: code
date: 2016-01-04 05:08 UTC
tags:
---

## Backend

**Ruby on Rails**  - In 2007 I discovered <a href='http://www.basecamp.com' target='_blank'>basecamp</a>. It was my first exposure to a "SAAS" business model. It's simplicity and effectiveness fascinated me. Shortly after, I discovered Ruby on Rails to aspire to build my own <i>Basecampe</i>. My longest running side project is [a todo app](http://todo.wwwoodall.com) which is my own app.

**Middleman** - I have been using Middleman since 2012 and use it to with [clover](http://www.clov3r.com) for simple sites for my friends and family.

**Ruby** - I have invested a lot of time into [learning about OOP](lemondade_stand) with great books such as [Practical Object Oriented Design in Ruby]() and projects like [capsule]()

**SQL** - I'd consider myself intermediate with SQL but I also have a strong interest in learning more. 

**API's** - API's are like off-balance sheet liabilities. They have much more weight than they lead to believe. Some of the API's I've worked with include are Stripe, Twitter, Jira, and internal services at LivingSocial. 

I'd consider myself intermediate with SQL but I also have a strong interest in knowing more. For example, I've been working on a side project to practice [connecting with Stripe for payments]() and publishing [tweets as a webpage]()


## Frontend

**HTML / Rails Views** - HTML can be a grab bag for 'Rails Views', 'Partials', rails

**CSS / SCSS / SMACSS / BEM** - I have been working with styling since the beginning and have started working on my own _academic_ project to figure out how best to organizing styling. Specificity, styling, layout, and more.

**JavaScript / JQuery** - this is the description

## Javascript

**Angular 'Version 1'** - I've built medium sized angular apps during 2012 - 2014. Since then, I've been working with Backbone and _vanilla JS_.

**Backbone** - If I have to work with a JS framework, backbone is going my preference since it's most JS of them all. (I recognize React is the hotness but the apps I've worked with have not needed that much structure)

<!-- 
**Jasmine** - I'd consider myself intermediate with SQL but I also have a strong interest in knowing more. For example, I've been working on a side project to practice[]

**underscore js** - I'd consider myself intermediate with SQL but I also have a strong interest in knowing more. For example, I've been working on a side project to practice[]
 -->

<!-- ## put these in the descriptions

**[underscore scss]()** - project description

**[fakefarm]()** - project description

**[garden]()** - project description

**[hashpage]()** - project description

**[stripe API]()** - project description

**[goalies]()** - project description

**[destory all tasks]()** - project description

**[afterburners]()** - project description

**[lemonade stand]()** - project description

 -->
